# Artifact-2

The file attack.py provided to contains
Python functions that implement the Init and Next functions of the stream cipher and the Enc and Dec
functions of the pseudo one-time pad based on this stream cipher.


The function “PRG attack(IV, x)” takes as input IV (an initial value which is a list of 256
bytes) and x (a list of bytes of variable length). The function returns 0 if x is an output of the stream
cipher with that IV and some seed and 1 if x was generated by a random process.


The two functions “EAV choose(length)” and “EAV attack (m0, m1, c).” Together these will implement the EAV security game.
“EAV choose(length)” takes as input a length, which could in principle be any positive integer, but in
practice in this problem set ranges from 10 to 1000. It returns a pair of two messages (m0,m1) which
are each lists of bytes with a number of entries equal to the length. 

“EAV attack (m0, m1, c)” takes as input two messages (each a list of bytes) and a ciphertext (a longer
list of bytes generated via the Enc function provided). “EAV attack” returns 0 if c is an encryption of m0 for some 
key and 1 if c is an encryption of m1 for some key.

The decrypt function takes as input a list of possible messages (each of which is
itself a list of bytes) and a ciphertext (a list of bytes) which is an encryption of one of the messages using
the stream cipher. The function should return an index into the list of messages to specify which message
encrypts to give the ciphertext. The list of messages could in principle be any length. The length of each message in the list will be the
same, and again that length could in principle have any value.
